tests reorganization and add main test script (#307)
canonical/tdx: tests/README.md

### Pre-requisites

- The tests must be executed on a host that has been set up properly for Intel TDX.

### Run tests

The script `tdtest` is the test runner, it is a wrapper around `pytest`.
Please run `tdtest -h` for more details about its usage.

The tests are organized in different categories and this organization is
reflected in the structure of the `tests`.

> You can choose to run a category of tests by specifying the folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can choose to run a category of tests by specifying the appropriate sudirectory under `tests`. For example, to run the boot tests:
```
